Umbrella bug (#24770)
demisto/content: Packs/Cisco-umbrella/ReleaseNotes/1_0_15.md

##### Cisco-umbrella

> #### Integrations
> 
> ##### Cisco Umbrella Investigate
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.48392*.
> 
> - Due to deprecation on the API side, **securerank2** is no longer supported and returns value 0 for all requests.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Integrations
##### Cisco Umbrella Investigate
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.48392*.
- **Breaking Change**: Due to deprecation on the API, the *SecureRank* output is no longer supported and always has the value *0* in the following commands:
   - ...
```
add the commands
